# IT-230-Final-Project
The requirements of the application was to register the user for the courses they selected and confirmed based on a list of courses made. However, there are some limits to the program. If the user selects more than 3 courses, which adds up to 9 credit hours, they will no longer be able to add more courses as they have reached the 9 credit hour limit. In addition, the user cannot register more than once for a course they are already registered for.

What I did particularly well was being able to problem solve any issues I came across and write clean and efficient code. Also, I really tried to comment more on my code, which isn't that impressive, but it's always something I forget to do or struggle with explaining outside of my own head.

For the console application, user inputs were very limited, as users were only able to put in numbers 1-7 inclusive to choose from a list of which course(s) they wanted to register for, and input Y or N to continue the program or quit. There wasn't much UI as it was a console application, but the program would update in a bottom-up way, meaning that most of what the program printed out would be on top, and whenever it waited for the user to input, the user would look at the bottom to see what the program was asking for. If the user ever selected more than 3 courses or tried to register for a course they're already registered for, the program would tell them the error and reprint the menu of courses to take.

For the WPF application user inputs were kept at the top of the screen (the dropdown menu and the button to confirm course), and the program outputs were on the bottom of the screen (the list of courses the user selected and the number of credit hours). If the user ever selected more than 3 courses or tried to register for a course they're already registered for, the program would tell them the error in red text and the user would have to either select a different course or close the program as they can no longer select another course.

By having the UI organized so user inputs stay in one area and outputs in the other, it creates a much easier user experience for the user as their eyes won't have to look around the program so much to find what they're looking for since they're in designated areas. My designs were successful because they follow the assignment requirements and fulfill the needs of the user to register for their courses.

I approached the process of coding my applications by breaking down what I needed to do in steps. By breaking them down in steps, it makes coding the program easier and runs into less issues by tackling the process one step at a time, as each step builds upon the last. I approached the process of debugging by reviewing my code in a top-down manner, because debugs usually happen because of lines before it. And assume Occam's Razor when it comes to debugging, because most issues are really quite simple (like a syntax error or null exception).

I had to be innovative to overcome a challenge where I had to really hammer in how WPF variables work and how to implement them in my code. Because if I wasn't able to figure that out, I wouldn't have been able to complete week 7 or 8's assignments at all, which includes my final project! Combo boxes are the dropdown menus, list boxes are the courses the user selects and confirms to register for, and the labels are what displays whether the user was able to register for the course, and if not the error that displays why they weren't able to.